iClicker is Western's supported
audience response system.
To use iClicker as
an instructor there is a one-time
set up process.
This video will show you how to
get started with iClicker Cloud
by downloading iClicker Cloud,
Signing up for an account, and
Creating an iClicker Course.
Step 1
Navigate to iclicker.com and go
to the downloads section
Choose iClicker Cloud
Choose the version that works
with your operating system
Install the software as you would
any other software
Open the software
Step 2.
If you have an iClicker account,
sign in using those credentials
If you do not have an account,
choose the “Create Account”
button.
Choose “Western University Ontario”
as your Primary institution
Enter your first and last name
Enter your Western email
Enter a password that fits the criteria,
but please do not use your Western password
Unless you are using physical clickers in
your class,
you can ignore the Instructor Remote ID section.
Read through the Privacy policy and terms
of use
check the box if you agree.
Choose create.
Step 3.
choose the New Course button to
create a new course.
Your primary institution is “Western University
Ontario”
This should be filled out by default
Choose your course discipline
The course name should make it easy
for your students to find your course
if they are not using the OWL integration
For example.
Chemistry 1000 - Introduction to Chemistry
Choose your course dates.
If you are outside of the two
dates, your course will either not be started,
or will be archived.
For course ID, we suggest that you use the
course name as it appears on OWL
for example:
CHEM 1000A 001 FW18
This will guarantee that the name is unique.
To provide extra help for students,
enter the days and times
when the course will take place
Choose Create
You have now created your
course in iClicker.
For more information on creating polls,
please see the rest of the
PressWestern Documentation